Hahaha mom haha
Hahahaha mom
What's wrong with you?
Is Ouyang done?
Yangyang, we're done cutting here
Mom, don't worry.
No, and Dad will definitely figure out a way
By the way, the land thing is Ouyang's fault
He now has the company and grandma's will
Became the top person in charge of the company
He also renamed the company Nianyue
Trust me to take those gestures as money
Rented a house outside
I guess it won't last long
Those debtors call me every day
If the brain is my parents, I'm sorry.
How could it be, mom?
It's all that bad talk that got me
I will never let it go
Yaoyao
You will never provoke Ouyan again from today on
OK
What you
Your father is not the old lady's own flesh and blood
I killed the old lady
Europe, America will not let me die so easily
He will torture me
Torment your dad
He will also trouble you
You remember
Don't provoke him.
Don't pick it up
You must remember my words
Definitely
Although there is no blood connection, protect me at home
Oye, he takes care of us ghosts without hesitation
If you use it alone
You promise mom
Promise mom
I pick you up
No.
Why didn't he come with you?
Mom, I don't know if it's the news from the euro
No one dares to help our family now